. $topsrcdir/browser/config/mozconfig

mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="##JOBCOUNT##"
mk_add_options MZ_OBJDIR=@TOPSRCDIR@/firefox/build-dir

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr

export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1

ac_add_options --disable-elf-hack
ac_add_options --disable-strip
ac_add_options --disable-updater

ac_add_options --enable-application=browser
ac_add_options --enable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --enable-default-toolkit=cairo-gtk3
ac_add_options --enable-hardening
ac_add_options --enable-official-branding
ac_add_options --enable-optimize
ac_add_options --enable-release
ac_add_options --enable-rust-simd
ac_add_options --enable-update-channel=release

# System libs
ac_add_options --enable-linker=lld
ac_add_options --enable-pulseaudio
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman
ac_add_options --with-system-av1
#ac_add_options --with-system-icu
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx

# TODO re-enable these when libnss is updated
# ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
# ac_add_options --with-system-nss

ac_add_options --with-system-webp
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --without-wasm-sandboxed-libraries
